Privacy Policy for Chess Cub on the Google Assistant

The content for Chess Cub has been developed by Sushant Prabhu. However, Chess Cub runs on systems provided by Google, and Sushant Prabhu does not have full access to the app. In particular, Sushant Prabhu has no ability to access the messages you send to Chess Cub or the responses that it sends back to you.

Sushant Prabhu may receive from Google non-personally identifying information about the use of Chess Cub. For instance, Sushant Prabhu can access usage information regarding how many users are using the app, which geographical regions they are located in, and basic data including users’ language, device type, and length and frequency of use. None of the information Sushant Prabhu receives from Google identifies you, nor does it reveal to Sushant Prabhu what information you sent to the app or what specific responses the app sent to you.

When you use Chess Cub, you are also using the Google Assistant, and the Google Privacy Policy describes how Google collects and uses data about your use of the app. You may wish to consult Google’s documentation regarding what information is shared with your Google Assistant and how to delete your Google Assistant activity.

Sushant Prabhu may, in the future, modify Chess Cub to run on infrastructure which Sushant Prabhu has full access to, which would allow Sushant Prabhu access to additional information about your interaction with the app. Should that occur, Sushant Prabhu will comply with its obligations under applicable privacy law, including updating this Privacy Policy as required.

Currently the action works for all Indian Users.

Additionally the logo has been made by Ms.Srilekha Tirunagari and reserves the copyright on the logo.

The logo used in the Inspiration mention is of Chess Base India and Chess Base India reserves the sole copyright over it . Any changes if required will be made and the Privacy Policy will be updated accordingly.

Unless otherwise specified, all information and descriptions provided via the Google Action are the copyrighted property of Sushant Prabhu, Srilekha Tirunagari and are protected by intellectual property laws. You may only use the information and descriptions contained in the Google Action , without alteration, for personal, non-commercial purposes. All other uses are prohibited.
